Issue 301: Access collection counters (#306)
github/view_component: README.md

</li>
```

> `ViewComponent` defines a counter variable matching the parameter name above, followed by `_counter`. To access this variable, add it to the constructor as an argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ViewComponent` defines a counter variable matching the parameter name above, followed by `_counter`. To access this variable, add it to`initialize` as an argument:
```

> `ViewComponent` also makes a counter variable available named after the component name or the name supplied to `with_collection_parameter` followed by `_counter`. To access this variable add it to your constructor as an argument.

Reviewer: What if we defined this in terms of `with_collection_parameter`

```suggestion
`ViewComponent` defines a counter variable matching the parameter name above, followed by `_counter`. To access this variable, add it to the constructor as an argument:
```
